GPGServices 1.10 Final - Release Notes
========================================

Features
--------
### Clearly indicate which keys are selected
* Below the key list you'll now find an indicator showing if any keys are selected. Keys which are already selected will always be shown on top of the key list, so you will not accidentally encrypt to the wrong recpipient. If you want to unselect all keys we now provide a simple checkbox for that. [#183]

Bugfixes
--------

* Crash when using columns to sort keys. [#178]
* Signing files broken. GPGServices main window not showing up, only a progress indicator. [#176]
* Progress indicator not closed when GPGServices main window closed. [#166]
* Be more tolerant towards deformed encrypted messages. Missing linebreaks at the end of an encrypted message no longer cause a "Decryption failed" error. [#197]
* Be even more tolerant: Encrypted messages sent via facebook couldn't be decrypted. [#196]
* Decryption of encrypted empty text file failed. [#172]
* Processing of large files (>4GB) lead to errors. [#217]
* OK button became inactive when encrypting to public keys without encrypting to own key. [#214]
* Key count of selected keys is now always correct. There were glitches in some rare occasions. [#216]
* 10.6: Leaking NSString objects when GPGServices was launched. [#212]
* Filename wasn't correctly saved in the encrypted file, so that renamed encrypted files produced wrongly named decrypted files. [#161]
* Show verification results when decrypting text. [#179]
* Files with spaces in the filename that were encrypted and later decrypted, contained "%20" instead of spaces in the output filename. [#202]
* Verify results now also show the Key ID in addition to Name and mail address. [#177]
* Minor improvements in "Sign / Add to recipients" section in main window. [#188]